Add linear and asana to the docs (#1151)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-cloud-platform/linear.md

:::

The Semgrep Linear integration allows you to create Linear tickets based on your Semgrep Code or Supply Chain findings.

## Enabling your Linear integration

:::info Prerequisites
* Your Linear user must be able to approve an OAuth integration with admin level privileges.
* Linear can only be enabled through Semgrep Cloud Platform (SCP). [Create an account](/semgrep-code/getting-started/#signing-in-to-semgrep-cloud-platform) to set up your Linear integration.
* To create tickets, you must [add or onboard the project](/semgrep-code/getting-started/#option-b-adding-a-repository-from-github-gitlab-or-bitbucket) (repository) to Semgrep Cloud Platform for scanning.
:::

To integrate Linear, follow these steps:

1. In [Semgrep Cloud Platform](https://semgrep.dev/login), go to **Settings** > **[Integrations](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/settings/integrations)**.
2. On the **[Integrations](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/settings/integrations)** page, click **Add Integration** (or **Setup First Integration** if this is your first integration), and then select **Ticketing > Linear**.
3. Follow the on-screen instructions to integrate Linear.

## Configuring your default project and team

> Use the drop-downs to select the default project and team. These settings can be changed later from the integrations page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the drop-down lists to select the default project and team. These settings can be changed later from the integrations page.
```

![Linear configuration modal](/img/linear-configure-defaults.png)

**Figure** A sample Linear integration

## Creating tickets

### Code

:::note
Creating tickets for many findings at once may take some time. Tickets that take longer than 10 seconds to create will be shown in the UI once the page is refreshed.
:::

To create tickets for one or more Code findings, use the triage button from the Code findings page or from an individual finding's details page. Findings can be individually selected, or you can create tickets for all findings for a given rule. 

Once a ticket has been created, a link will be present on the right side of the findings page and along the top of an individual finding's details page.

![Create Linear ticket - Code](/img/linear-code-findings.png)
**Figure** Code triage flow

![Linear ticket created - Code](/img/linear-code-ticketed.png)
**Figure** Code ticket created

### Supply Chain

:::caution Limitations
Tickets can only be created for Supply Chain findings with reachable usages. They cannot be created for **Always reachable** or **Unreachable** findings.
:::

> The Supply Chain triage flow will create tickets for all instances of a given vulnerability. Instances can not be selected individually. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Supply Chain triage flow creates tickets for all instances of a given vulnerability. Instances can not be selected individually. 
```
(Same question as my comment in the Asana doc!)
